Oracle Free Use Terms and Conditions

Definitions

"Oracle" refers to Oracle America, Inc. "You" and "Your" refers to (a) a company or organization (each an "Entity") accessing the Programs, if use of the Programs will be on behalf of such Entity; or (b) an individual accessing the Programs, if use of the Programs will not be on behalf of an Entity. "Program(s)" refers to Oracle software provided by Oracle pursuant to the following terms and any updates, error corrections, and/or Program Documentation provided by Oracle. "Program Documentation" refers to Program user manuals and Program installation manuals, if any. If available, Program Documentation may be delivered with the Programs and/or may be accessed from www.oracle.com/documentation. "Separate Terms" refers to separate license terms that are specified in the Program Documentation, readmes or notice files and that apply to Separately Licensed Technology. "Separately Licensed Technology" refers to Oracle or third party technology that is licensed under Separate Terms and not under the terms of this license.

Separately Licensed Technology

Oracle may provide certain notices to You in Program Documentation, readmes or notice files in connection with Oracle or third party technology provided as or with the Programs. If specified in the Program Documentation, readmes or notice files, such technology will be licensed to You under Separate Terms. Your rights to use Separately Licensed Technology under Separate Terms are not restricted in any way by the terms herein. For clarity, notwithstanding the existence of a notice, third party technology that is not Separately Licensed Technology shall be deemed part of the Programs licensed to You under the terms of this license.

Source Code for Open Source Software

For software that You receive from Oracle in binary form that is licensed under an open source license that gives You the right to receive the source code for that binary, You can obtain a copy of the applicable source code from https://oss.oracle.com/sources/ or http://www.oracle.com/goto/opensourcecode. If the source code for such software was not provided to You with the binary, You can also receive a copy of the source code on physical media by submitting a written request pursuant to the instructions in the "Written Offer for Source Code" section of the latter website.
